# Mapping_LPC_predictor_coefficients_to_reflection_coefficients_of_an_N_tube_2_D_WGF_Lawrence-Mc-Guire
This research stems from the motivation to find a system that could analyse voice and resyn- thesize it through the use of another system us- ing the analysis data from the input. This tech- nique in Digital Signal Processing (DSP) is called synthesis-by-analysis and its most known use is in Phase Vocoders. In the first section the sys- tem framework is layed out both for the analysis and synthesis side. What is LPC? How do we calculate the predictor coefficients and of what use can they be for us? Why do we need the Auto-Correlation Function (ACF) for this com- putation? Then the step-down procedure is will be covered in depth to calculate the reflection coefficients ri of an N-tube acoustic tube model. The main goal is to then convert the predictor coefficients ϵi to reflection coefficients ri which are represent the diameter ratio of the two suc- cessive tubelets in the vocal tract model. We would then feed a vocal input to the patch and the synthesizer should be able to more or less model and imitate certain vocal articulations, ei- ther voiced or unvoiced. The output’s formant structure is comparable to the input structure. An implementation is then made in the MaxMSP audio environment, more specifically in the sub- environment ∼gen. A lot of attention has been put in the pre-processing of the input before the analysis takes place. Lastly we evaluate the input and the output by analysing their corresponding wide-band spectrograms
